here is plot A :
characters:
1)detective X, detective Y.
2) Mrs Z
3) detective C
4) Mr. M

plot - a man walking down a street, ...warm spring morning, enjoying the beautiful weather, ..he realises he'z still wearing his doctor's coat that he had mistakingly replaced by his, yesternight at the clinic. Suddenly , a sharp smthing     bursts through his back, down his front....and he'z dead .

A day later, the doctor Mr. M , who was supposed to be at his clinic that afternoon, suddenly leaves for city XYZ on an urgent notice. Meanwhile, at his office, Miss P , his assistant who was on duty on his behalf is killed on her way home. the mishap is made to look like an accident.

detective X and Y are on tail, trying to locate and find out evrything about Mr. M . detective Y has a strong intuition that Mr. M is the actual cause behind all these killings.
(detectives X and Y are cops)

k...flashback- a few years ago, detective y had a partner detective R, who was killed by a pshychiatric patient. This patient was brought to court fr murder, but Mr.M's  statement that he is a psycho saved the guy frm death sentence. The detective Y seemed to have a grudge on Mr. M for the same reason.

Finally, after the couple of deaths, (  of the patient and the assistant), the doctor decides on hiring a private detective C.  So, now he gets on the case to trace out the killer. k......now, All this time, there was a Mrs. Z , who was a regular patient at the doc. Mr. M's clinic. After  the series of events( the couple of deaths), she just vanishes..... Mr.M tells the detective C about all  his patients so far, and also the special case of Mrs.Z ( who he had a secret crush on).

Detective C assembles the hardly solvable jigsaw puzzle, and comes to the guess that perhaps Mrs Z might b smkinda link to the story. He follows her trial and finds out she'z going to city ABC . Hez on trial , and follws her car...speeding up the entire way. Suddenly her car just vanishes sm 30 mtrs ahead of her into a sharp turn ahead. Detective C applies a brake to see whr its leading when his own car bursts up in flames ( his min speed was set on the bomb, that blew).

so agent C was eliminated.


Mr. M sat in his cabin,  puzzled and stupefied by the death of Detective C. He seemed to have an unknown mysterious enemy , tying to destroy his life and carrer. His thoughts floated back to Mrs.Z...on one of her sessions 
at the clinic, the doc, Mr M had asked casually about her husband and family...but whenever he used to dwell anywhr near the topic, it strangely got shifted elsewhere, 
and made him think probably she wasnt comfortable talking abt it. he finally packed up, and left his cabin. was just about to close front door, when, the lights around the building went out. Right in front of him, he could make out the 
shadows of two tall dark men,  approaching from the opposite side of the street, he ran for his life, but  stealthily, and went into the back of his office. He turned on the backup lights and
switched on the tape, that had a conversation with a couple of patient of his, he also informed  the guards around that he had planned on spending the night there . He contemplated
, this was the best decision, as he was pretty sure he would get killed if he planned to go out that night. He was horrified at the thought that probably, he had caught 
a glimse of one of the men just before the lights went out...and it had looked strangely familiar. The next morning he woke up to find his first office staff coming in. 
He exchanged clothes with one of them , threw his , into a spare cupboard, put on a cap and went out. He informed his staff that he was going to city MNO for a couple of days . Neglecting his car parked around the corner ( as he remembered the car accident 
his assistant had earlier), he walked fleetingly fast across two blocks , keeping to the bushes. He changed  three taxis on the way and changed routes to put off any followers .
He knew only one place that he could probably get some help - the two investigating officers ( he had met detective X  earlier,and corresponded with Y on Video)  that were following this case very closely. 
Reaching their office( he was informed by detective Y , the same day they had corresponded  ) , he was informed that they were not yet there, by the doorman outside. He decided to wait outside . This had to be safe ..no one was gonna kill him 
right in front of the cop office. There were not many people around, it was a secluded part of the city. The building in front of him was temporary, just as he had imagined , 
the cops tended to shift from time to time into "offices" like this. So, for the time being, this was their office. Just a while later, he decided to  ring on agent X's number .He tried a couple of times, to inform him that he was there and it was quite urgent, but no one picked up. Within seconds, a black car drove up the road . Detective Y got out. He 
pulled the thoroughly bleeding detective X out from the other side  . The phn was ringing in Y's hand, and he was laughing and evil laughter. Mr.M was fixed to the ground, 
as if by nails . Y pointed a gun at X's head and extinguished him a second later. Mr.M realised that the man he had caught a glimse of earlier the night before ...was Y !! 
Y dialled a number on his speed dial, and a second car veered in , in minutes. Two men got out and pulled out a woman shreiking in pain . It was Mrs.Z . Her mysterious 
husband Mr.H , was standing right by her side, a large drug racket's underdog ,  second , only  to a terrible drug tycoon.Mr.M had seen him on news ..whenevr there was a international drug scandal
that came out in public. The man he worked for- was rarely seen, forevr feared....slowly the whole story unfurled, as the drug smuggler and his men were torturing the guy's wife to tell them
everything she had tipped off to Mr.M ---- the reason Mr.M was being targeted was, one of Mr.H's men 
had tipped him off that his wife, who was supposed to b going to the doctor for regular checkups, had started having a soft corner for Mr.M.
There was a belief in his gang that she could have informed the doctor of the inside stories of the drug circle.
So, the whole plan was to eliminate Mr.M and all his associations.After around half an hour,
he decided to end it. He brought out two chairs from agent Y's office, tied them back to back on it and pointed the gun at the woman's head.
"together, u'll die", he said. Detective Y's phn began ringing. "u are under arrest, the police is all around the place, drop down the gun".
( flash back - Detective X had informed the police for backup if smthing happened, as he had overheard y's conversation
 with smbody , the same night the two men went out to kill the doctor, he had installed a video transmitter on his wristwatch , to get the cops 
catch the drug circle' top man red handed). In the chaos that follwed, with gunfire from both sides, Mr.M and Mrs.Z came out ,barely alive.
They were treated in an isolated location, then sent out of the country, into Eastern Europe with fake identities by the police. 
The danger had died down , Mr.H commited suicide in captivity.... Mr.M and Mrs.Z were safe for quite a while...they decided to start a new life.