ALT (alanine aminotransferase)
Healthy range: 8 to 37 IU/L
This test looks at levels of the
 liver enzyme ALT. When all’s well with your liver,
 your score on this test should be within range. Anything higher may 
indicate liver damage.

Albumin
Healthy range: 3.9 to 5.0 g/dL
A protein made by the liver, albumin levels can be an indicator of liver or kidney 
problems.

A/G ratio (albumin/globulin ratio) or total protein test
Healthy ratio: a bit over 1, favoring albumin
There are two types of protein your blood — albumin (see above) and globulin. 
The A/G ratio test compares levels of these proteins with one another. 
Elevated protein levels could indicate a health condition in need of attention.

Alkaline phosphatase
Healthy range: 44 to 147 IU/L
This enzyme is involved in both liver and bone, so elevations may indicate 
problems with the liver or bone-related disease.

AST (aspartate aminotransferase)
Healthy range: 10 to 34 IU/L
This enzyme is found in heart and liver tissue, so elevations suggest problems may
 be occurring in one or both of those areas.

Bilirubin
Healthy range: 0.1 to 1.9 mg/dL
This provides information about liver and kidney functions, problems in bile ducts, 
and anemia.

BUN (blood urea nitrogen)
Healthy range: 10 to 20 mg/dL
This is another measure of kidney and liver functions. High values may indicate a 
problem with kidney function. A number of medications and a diet high in protein can
 also raise BUN levels.

BUN/creatinine ratio
Healthy ratio of BUN to creatinine: 10:1 to 20:1 (men and older individuals may be 
a bit higher)
This test shows if kidneys are eliminating waste properly. High levels of 
creatinine, a by-product of muscle contractions, are excreted through the kidneys 
and suggest reduced kidney function.

Calcium
Healthy range: 9.0 to 10.5 mg/dL (the elderly typically score a bit lower)
Too much calcium in the bloodstream could indicate kidney problems; overly 
active thyroid or parathyroid glands; certain types of cancer, including lymphoma; 
problems with the pancreas; or a deficiency of vitamin D.

Chloride
Healthy range: 98 to 106 mEq/L
This mineral is often measured as part of an electrolyte panel. A high-salt diet 
and/or certain medications are often responsible for elevations in chloride. 
Excess chloride may indicate an overly acidic environment in the body. It also 
could be a red flag for dehydration, multiple myeloma, kidney disorders, or adrenal 
gland dysfunction.

Creatinine
Healthy range: 0.5 to 1.1 mg/dL for women; 0.6 to 1.2 mg/dL for men (the elderly 
may be slightly lower)
The kidneys process this waste product, so elevations could indicate a problem 
with kidney function.

Fasting glucose (blood sugar)
Healthy range: 70 to 99 mg/dL for the average adult (the elderly tend to score 
higher even when they are healthy)
Blood sugar levels can be affected by food or beverages you have ingested recently,
 your current stress levels, medications you may be taking, and the time of day. 
The fasting blood sugar test is done after at least 6 hours without food or drink 
other than water.

Phosphorus
Healthy range: 2.4 to 4.1 mg/dL
Phosphorus plays an important role in bone health and is related to calcium levels. 
Too much phosphorus could indicate a problem with kidneys or the parathyroid gland. 
Alcohol abuse, long-term antacid use, excessive intake of diuretics or vitamin D,
 and malnutrition can also elevate phosphorus levels.

Potassium
Healthy range: 3.7 to 5.2 mEq/L
This mineral is essential for relaying nerve impulses, maintaining proper muscle
 functions, and regulating heartbeats. Diuretics, drugs that are often taken for 
high blood pressure, can cause low levels of potassium.

Sodium
Healthy range: 135 to 145 mEq/L
Another member of the electrolyte family, the mineral sodium helps your body balance 
water levels and helps with nerve impulses and muscle contractions. Irregularities in 
sodium levels may indicate dehydration; disorders of the adrenal glands; excessive 
intake of salt, corticosteroids, or pain-relieving medications; or problems with the 
liver or kidneys.

Lipid Panel (or Lipid Profile)
The lipid panel is a collection of tests measuring different types of cholesterol and 
triglycerides (fats) in your bloodstream.

Total cholesterol
General rules (best to worst):

•

Healthy	Below 200 mg/dL (below 5.18 mmol/L)
•

Borderline high	200 to 239 mg/dL (5.2 to 6.2 mmol/L)
•

High	Above 240 mg/dL (above 6.2 mmol/L)
This test measures combined levels of both LDL (bad) and HDL (good) cholesterol. 
The test may be done simply to record an individual’s cholesterol levels or for 
comparison purposes (e.g., to determine if cholesterol-lowering medications or 
nutrients are working).

Triglycerides
Healthy range: 40 to 160 mg/dL
These fats are found in the bloodstream and may contribute to heart disease and 
other health problems.

HDL (Good) cholesterol
General rules:

•

Best	Above 60 mg/dL
•

Good	50 to 60 mg/dL
•

Poor	Below 40 mg/dL for men; below 50 mg/dL for women
Also known as good cholesterol, HDL (high-density lipoprotein) protects against heart 
disease. Low scores are risk factors for heart disease.

LDL (Bad) cholesterol
General rules (best to worst):

•

Optimal	Below 100 mg/dL
•

Near optimal	100 to 129 mg/dL
•

Borderline high	130 to 159 mg/dL
•

High	160 to 189 mg/dL
•

Very high	Above 189 mg/dL
Also known as bad cholesterol, LDL (low-density lipoprotein) is the substance
 that clogs arteries and is linked to heart disease.

Total cholesterol/HDL ratio
American Heart Association guidelines:

•

Optimal	Ratio of 3.5 to 1
•

Healthy	Ratio of 5 to 1 or lower
This ratio is another way of checking your risk of heart disease. It is determined by 
dividing your HDL cholesterol level into total cholesterol. But don’t worry about the
 math — the lab normally does the calculation, so your doctor will simply tell you what 
the ratio is.

Complete Blood Count (CBC)
The CBC test examines cellular elements in the blood, including red blood cells, 
various white blood cells, and platelets. Here is a list of the components that are 
normally measured, along with typical values. If your doctor says you’re fine but your 
tests results are somewhat different from the range shown here, don’t be alarmed. 
Some labs interpret test results a bit differently from others, so don’t consider 
these figures absolutes.

WBC (white blood cell) leukocyte count
Normal range: 4,300 to 10,800 cmm
White blood cells help fight infections, so a high white blood cell count could be
 helpful for identifying infections. It may also indicate leukemia, which can cause
 an increase in the number of white blood cells. On the other hand, too few white 
blood cells could be caused by certain medications or health disorders.

WBC (white blood cell) differential count
Normal range:

•

Neutrophils	40% to 60% of the total
•

Lymphocytes	20% to 40%
•

Monocytes	2% to 8%
•

Eosinophils	1% to 4%
•

Basophils	0.5% to 1%
This test measures the numbers, shapes, and sizes 
of various types of white blood cells listed above. 
The WBC differential count also shows if the numbers 
of different cells are in proper proportion to each other. 
Irregularities in this test could signal an infection, 
inflammation, autoimmune disorders, anemia, or other health concerns.

RBC (red blood cell) erythrocyte count
Normal range: 4.2 to 5.9 million cmm
We have millions of red blood cells in our bodies, and this test measures the number 
of RBCs in a specific amount of blood. It helps us determine the total number of RBCs 
and gives us an idea of their lifespan, but it does not indicate where problems 
originate. So if there are irregularities, other tests will be required.